Add changefeed azure blob support. (#22379)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-cloud-storage.md

## Step 1. Configure destination

> Navigate to the cluster overview page of the target TiDB cluster. Click **Data** > **Changefeed** in the left navigation pane, click **Create Changefeed**, and select **Amazon S3**, **GCS**, or **Azure Blob** as the destination. The configuration process varies depend on the destination you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the cluster overview page of the target TiDB cluster. Click **Data** > **Changefeed** in the left navigation pane, click **Create Changefeed**, and select **Amazon S3**, **GCS**, or **Azure Blob Storage** as the destination. The configuration process varies depend on the destination you choose.
```

7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the Changefeed's **Configure Destination** page, and fill in the **bucket gsutil URI** field.

</div>
<div label="Azure Blob">

> For **Azure Blob**, you first need to configure the container and get a SAS token in the Azure portal. Take the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For **Azure Blob**, you must first configure the container and get a shared access signature (SAS) token in the Azure portal. Take the following steps:
```

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), create a container for storing changefeed data.

    1. In the left navigation pane, click **Storage Accounts**, and then click the storage account.
    2. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Data storage** > **Containers**, and then click **+ Container**.
    3. Enter a name for your new container, set the anonymous access level (the recommended level is **Private**), and then click **Create**.

2. Get the URL of the target container.

    1. In the container list, select the target container, click **...** for the container, and then select **Container properties**.

>     2. Copy the **URL** value for later use, for example `https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. In the container list, select your target container.
    2. Click **...** for the container, and then select **Container properties**.
    3. Save the **URL** value for later use, for example `https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>`.
```

3. Generate a SAS token.

    1. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Security + networking** > **Shared access signature**.
    2. In **Allowed services**, select **Blob**.
    3. In **Allowed resource types**, select **Container** and **Object**.
    4. In **Allowed permissions**, select **Read**, **Write**, **Delete**, **List**, and **Create**.
    5. Specify a sufficiently long validity period for the SAS token.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > - The changefeed needs to continuously write events, so ensure the SAS token has a sufficiently long validity period. It is recommended to replace it every six to twelve months for security.
        > - The generated SAS token cannot be revoked, so set its validity period carefully.
        > - To ensure continuous availability, re-generate and update the SAS token before it expires.

>     6. Click **Generate SAS and connection string**, then copy the **SAS token**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    6. Click **Generate SAS and connection string**, and then save the **SAS token**.
```

7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the Changefeed's **Configure Destination** page, and fill in the **bucket gsutil URI** field.

</div>
<div label="Azure Blob Storage">

> For **Azure Blob Storage**, you first need to configure the container and get a SAS token in the Azure portal. Take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **Azure Blob Storage**, you must configure the container and get a SAS token in the Azure portal first. Take the following steps:
```

7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the Changefeed's **Configure Destination** page, and fill in the **bucket gsutil URI** field.

</div>

<div label="Azure Blob">

For **Azure Blob**, you first need to configure the container and get a SAS token in the Azure portal. Take the following steps:

1. In the Azure portal, create a container for storing changefeed data.
    1. In the left navigation pane, click **Storage Accounts**, and then click the storage account.
    2. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Data storage** > **Containers**, and then click **+ Container**.
    3. Enter a name for your new container, set the anonymous access level (the recommended level is **Private**), and then click **Create**.

2. Get the URL of the target container.

>     1. In the container list, select the target container, click **...** for the container, and then select **Container properties**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    1. In the container list, select the target container, click **...** for the container, and then select **Container properties**.
```

    2. Copy the **URL** value for later use (for example `https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>`).

3. Generate a SAS token.

>     1. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Security + networking** > **Shared access signature**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    1. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Security + networking** > **Shared access signature**.
```

7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the Changefeed's **Configure Destination** page, and fill in the **bucket gsutil URI** field.

> 

Reviewer 2: L3:

```markdown
summary: This document explains how to create a changefeed to stream data from TiDB Cloud to Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage (GCS), or Azure Blob Storage. It includes restrictions, configuration steps for the destination, replication, and specification, as well as starting the replication process.
```

Amazon S3 or GCS -> , Google Cloud Storage (GCS), or Azure Blob Storage

> 

Reviewer 2: - L23: select **Amazon S3** or **GCS** -> select **Amazon S3**, **GCS**, or **Azure Blob**
- L129: Amazon S3 or GCS -> Amazon S3, GCS, or Azure Blob Storage

7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the Changefeed's **Configure Destination** page, and fill in the **bucket gsutil URI** field.

</div>

<div label="Azure Blob">

For **Azure Blob**, you first need to configure the container and get a SAS token in the Azure portal. Take the following steps:

> 1. In the Azure portal, create a container for storing changefeed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), create a container for storing changefeed data.
```

    1. In the left navigation pane, click **Storage Accounts**, and then click the storage account.
    2. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Data storage** > **Containers**, and then click **+ Container**.
    3. Enter a name for your new container, set the anonymous access level (the recommended level is **Private**), and then click **Create**.

2. Get the URL of the target container.

    1. In the container list, select the target container, click **...** for the container, and then select **Container properties**.

>     2. Copy the **URL** value for later use (for example `https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Copy the **URL** value for later use, for example `https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>`.
```

3. Generate a SAS token.

    1. In the navigation pane for the selected storage account, click **Security + networking** > **Shared access signature**.
    2. In **Allowed services**, select **Blob**.
    3. In **Allowed resource types**, select **Container** and **Object**.
    4. In **Allowed permissions**, select **Read**, **Write**, **Delete**, **List**, and **Create**.
    5. Specify a sufficiently long validity period for the SAS token.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - The changefeed needs to continuously write events, so ensure the SAS token has a sufficiently long validity period. It is recommended to replace it every six to twelve months for security.
    > - The generated SAS token cannot be revoked, so set its validity period carefully.
    > - To ensure continuous availability, re-generate and update the SAS token before it expires.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Specify a sufficiently long validity period for the SAS token.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > - The changefeed needs to continuously write events, so ensure the SAS token has a sufficiently long validity period. It is recommended to replace it every six to twelve months for security.
        > - The generated SAS token cannot be revoked, so set its validity period carefully.
        > - To ensure continuous availability, re-generate and update the SAS token before it expires.

```
